Welcome to the Udacity C++ nanodegree program.
C++ is such an exciting and important language
for everything from self-driving cars to robotics,
to the internet of things,
and we are so excited to share this language with you.
Throughout this nanodegree program,
you'll learn about C++ from expert instructors who will take you from
the foundations of the C++ programming language
all the way through to advanced in expert topics.
One of the most exciting things about
this program is that you'll hear from Bjarne Stroustrup,
the creator of C++,
who will tell you why different features of the language were designed the way they
are and how to best use them to create the most effective and efficient programs.
At Udacity, we believe in a learn-by-doing approach,
which means that in order to become a C++ engineer,
you're going to need to write a lot of C++ code,
and we're going to help you do that.
By the end of this program,
you'll have a job ready project portfolio full of
all the different C++ applications that you've built as part of this nanodegree program.
Are you ready to learn C++? Let's get started.